A secret admirer will soon send you a sign of affection.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance & confidence
The secret of getting ahead is getting started
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything
Do the right thing, do it all the time. Get yourself right, never mind them.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see
Be not simply good, be good for something
Failure is a detour, not a dead end street.
The one you love is closer than you think.
If you want to earn more, learn more
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
The time is right to make new friends.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Not everything that counts can be counted
Not everything that is counted counts
Someone is telling your fortune
Your fortune is in Minecraft
You can't fatten a pig by weighing it all the time.
Good things are being said about you.
The time is right to make new friends.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will witness a special ceremony.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
You were born with the skill to communicate with people easily.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Decide what you want and go for it.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
You are talented in many ways.
Any rough times are behind you.
The smart thing is to prepare for the unexpected.
There is yet time enough for you to take a different path.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Lao Tzu
Funny thing about humility. Just when you think you've got it, you've lost it.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
Flattery will go far tonight.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
When you speak honestly and openly, others truly listen to you.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
It is much wiser to take advice than to give it.
Many a false step is made by standing still.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
You should learn to code.
When you hear a sizzle, it's time to run!
Keep in close touch with what your competition is doing.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded 
A closed mouth gathers no feet. 
You will make a game winning goal
You will get money from an unexpected place
You will make tons of friends this year
You are loved by many
You are liked by many
You will have a very special birthday
You will have a very special Christmas
You will learn a lot of new things this year
You will be rich when you grow up
You will be successful when you grow up
All your dreams will come true
Each year you will get prettier
Each year you will get smarter
Each year you will get funnier
Be careful... or you may have an accident
Study.... and you will get good grades
Exercise and eat good foods....and you will be healthy
Be a good friend.... and you will have lots of friends
Be careful about who you make friends with
Don't fall in love too easily
Wait to fall in love
Get more beauty sleep to stay beautiful
Drink more water
Help out more.... and you will be rewarded
To avoid being grounded... follow the rules and do your chores
Take care of your siblings and/ or pets... they need you
Your parents love you... give them a hug and kiss
You are someones favorite person in the entire world
You are very pretty
You are very smart
You are very kind
You are very smart 
